[Music]
I think some productivity will go up but
not all and it could be a great coach
but if someone doesn't know how to do it
and they're not taking the time to ask
the coach your out of luck if
people have that mentality they're
screwed in life
all right so we're going to talk about
how Khan Academy's AI shows how
businesses will level up I watched a TED
talk with Salman Khan I think it's
Salman Khan or South let's call him Sal
Khan so he's the founder of Khan Academy
people need to be coached people need to
learn and now you have an AI that's very
patient that will Coach someone 24 7.
okay the way I look at it is
productivity is going to Skyrocket I
don't know about that I think some
productivity will go up but not all and
I'll give you a great example of this so
I'm on this text thread and we call it
Alpha and there's a handful of it's in
there and people are always asking like
hook me up with the alpha they're pretty
much saying like hook me up with like
you know some good trades or anything
that'll make them some money so one of
my buddies said oh check out this stock
it should tank and I think it tanked
around 40 I didn't end up shorting I've
been traveling in Brazil so I missed it
so my uh the buddy who said that he
responded a few days he's like hey did
you get the Alpha and the other guy's
like oh I didn't know what to do with it
and I and I responded at that time like
you should have shorted it he's like how
do I do that I was like go call it
fideli and ask them or Google it he's
like that's not that helpful but it's
just like if they're not willing to take
the time to research how to get it done
and they just want someone to spoon feed
it for those kind of people the AI or
the coach won't help either because
they're not going to ask the coach
questions they just want someone to tell
them the answer and they don't want it
to be an AI they just want you to go and
do it forum and if people have that
mentality they're screwed in life like
there's just some people that I've seen
and I know and some of them are good
friends and I love them to death they're
just not willing to go take the time and
research if they're told to go and short
it but they didn't do it because it's
not that they didn't want to do it they
don't know how to short yet they didn't
ask Google or call up the brokerage or
anything like that they're not gonna
figure anything out and the same goes
with marketing if there's some latest
and greatest SEO tactic or you and I
have talked about creating carousels and
they still work really well on LinkedIn
but if someone doesn't know how to do it
and they're not taking the time to ask
the coach or research it on their own
you're out of luck they're not
going to get the results anyways but I
yes I do think AI is going to help a lot
of Industries including marketing and it
could be a great coach assuming the
inputs are accurate if the inputs are
great and they're not outdated and I
think this is going to be a tricky part
with marketing because if it's crawling
everything and then the AI needs to be
trained to a pick up accurate
information so how do you know what's
accurate and what's not and be only
recent information because a lot of
these algorithms on these platforms
change on a daily basis I think Google
does what somewhere around eight or nine
algorithm updates a day a search engine
to land had an article about that a long
time ago if they're taking old articles
that are a few years old and some that
are inaccurate people are going to have
coaches giving them misinformation and
that's going to be a huge issue in
marketing because things change on a
regular basis or was valid and correct
two years ago may be wrong today yeah so
I believe now with chat gpt4 there's
ability to browse the active web so it
doesn't go two years back so there could
be misinformation there could be
outdated information for sure the
majority of people don't know how to ask
questions but also I think we can agree
for the most part that the education
system is outdated and frankly kind of
broken and I believe this way of
teaching is going to be a new way of
teaching because the way we have been
taught to succeed or or learn has been
more of something from like the
Industrial Age where we're taught to
kind of just be cogs in the wheel
whereas if you really do want to win
today you have to learn to think for
yourselves and things like that and I
believe these models will facilitate
that yeah no totally and look I I I
think you hit the nail on the head in
which people have to get it used to a
new style of learning and they have to
be proactive themselves and they have to
be passionate about the topic or else
they're not going to want to continue to
learn about it but AI fast forward many
many years I think this type of coaching
models can help really well in marketing
or any type of model especially in
business it can make it more effective
you can also bring different people's
perspective and you can even have ai
let's say crawl your whole blog right
Eric and I have written a lot of blog
posts so you can take the people that
you know have a lot of similar thought
processes assuming you want your team
members to follow those approaches and
tell the AI coach hey when people ask
marketing questions pull from this
repository because this is the stuff we
want our team to actually be leveraging
now if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much